Proposed change on toolbox overview from NK (#67)
biometricITC/cPP-toolboxes: toolbox.adoc

As the <<BIOPP-Module>> relies on the AVA_VAN level specified in the Base-PP, it is possible that the AVA_VAN level for the PAD test may not match the Base-PP. In this case it is up to the evaluator and scheme to determine how to handle the different level claims. The BIO-iTC has determined that there is value in providing PAD tests at higher AVA_VAN levels regardless of the claims by the device that may incorporate the biometric system.

> However, the BIO-iTC will explore the possibility of developing a PAD evaluation method at any PAD levels that can be mutually recognized under the CCRA, for example, using multi-assurance evaluation concept that enables the evaluation to conform to multi-assurance security target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the BIO-iTC will explore the possibility of developing a PAD evaluation method at any PAD level that can be mutually recognized under the CCRA, for example, using a multi-assurance evaluation concept that enables the evaluation to conform to a multi-assurance security target.
```

As some PAD toolboxes are targeted to levels above AVA_VAN.1, there will be additional information regarding the guidance about penetration testing. The AVA_VAN.1 guidance is used as the basis for all penetration testing, with additional information specific to that toolbox being provided in the PAD toolbox overview.

> ISO/IEC 19989 “Information security — Criteria and methodology for security evaluation of biometric systems” provides such additional information. However, this standard is not specific to the mobile devices and all evaluation activities may not be applied to the mobile biometrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ISO/IEC 19989 “Information security — Criteria and methodology for security evaluation of biometric systems” provides such additional information. However, this standard is not specific to the mobile devices and not all evaluation activities may be applicable to mobile device biometric systems.
```
